docs: add .NET evaluation contexts (#17063)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/libraries/dotnet/index.mdx

<DotNetFeatureFlagsCode />

### Evaluation contexts

> Configure evaluation contexts to evaluate only flags intended for this application, platform, or product area. For ASP.NET Core apps using `PostHog.AspNetCore`, add them to the `PostHog` configuration section:

Reviewer: `nit`: This sentence uses `evaluate` twice with two different meanings (configure the SDK / evaluate a flag). Reads cleaner with a small rephrase.

```suggestion
Configure evaluation contexts so this SDK only evaluates flags intended for the matching application, platform, or product area. For ASP.NET Core apps using `PostHog.AspNetCore`, add them to the `PostHog` configuration section:
```

```json
{
    "PostHog": {
        "ProjectToken": "<ph_project_token>",
        "HostUrl": "<ph_client_api_host>",
        "EvaluationContexts": ["main-app", "api", "backend"]
    }
}
```

For code-based configuration, set `EvaluationContexts` on `PostHogOptions`:

```csharp

> var posthog = new PostHogClient(new PostHogOptions

Reviewer: `question`: This C# block is the same shape as the one this PR adds to the `<MultiLanguage>` group in `evaluation-contexts.mdx`, only the placeholder values differ. The JSON `appsettings.json` example above is the .NET-specific value this page is uniquely positioned to provide. Was the intent for the .NET page to be self-contained, or would dropping this block and letting the "For more details" link cover the code form be cleaner? Either is fine, just two places to keep in sync if you keep both.

{
    ProjectToken = "<ph_project_token>",
    HostUrl = new Uri("<ph_client_api_host>"),
    EvaluationContexts = ["main-app", "api", "backend"],
});
```

> Remote `/flags` requests from `EvaluateFlagsAsync()` include `evaluation_contexts` when configured. Flags without evaluation contexts continue to evaluate for all SDKs; flags with contexts evaluate only when at least one configured context matches.

Reviewer: `suggestion`: The second sentence restates cross-SDK matching rules the central guide already covers in "How evaluation works", and the next line links there for details. If the rule ever changes this copy will drift. The .NET-specific bit (which method sends the field) is worth keeping.

```suggestion
Remote `/flags` requests from `EvaluateFlagsAsync()` include `evaluation_contexts` when configured.
```
